README.md, before:

# Cyberpunk 2077

## Tools
- Cyber Engine Tweaks for game version 1.5 v2-107
- redscript 0.5.0

## Mods

*List may be incomplete. Some may be included in downloads but not used.*

#### In Use
- Disable Loading Cinematics
- Appearance Change Unlocker
- Limited HUD
- LHUD - Dialog Widget Resizer
- LHUD - Hide Speedometer
- LHUD - Improved Minimap Zoom Patch
- LHUD - Job Update Widget Tweaker
- LHUD - No Marker Pulse
- LHUD - Objects Coloring
- LHUD - Remove Crouch Indicator
- Native Settings UI 1.4
- Quest Untracker
- quietMenus
- True Hidden Everything

#### Not in Use
- Holster By Tap

#### Not Working with 1.5
- SHUSH - Quiet Ads

## Custom Configuration

### Limited HUD

#### Controlled by hotkey, enabled everywhere except out of combat
- Action buttons
- Weapon roster
- Hotkey hints
- Minimap

#### Disabled everywhere but still toggled by hotkey
- Quest tracker

#### Disabled everywhere
- Crouch indicator

#### No hotkey, disabled out of combat / in stealth / in zoom
- Health bar

#### No custom configuration
- All world markers

Commit message:

Hide weapon roster and hotkey hints

README.md, after:

# Cyberpunk 2077

## Tools
- Cyber Engine Tweaks for game version 1.5 v2-107
- redscript 0.5.0

## Mods

*List may be incomplete. Some may be included in downloads but not used.*

#### In Use
- Disable Loading Cinematics
- Appearance Change Unlocker
- Limited HUD
- LHUD - Dialog Widget Resizer
- LHUD - Hide Speedometer
- LHUD - Improved Minimap Zoom Patch
- LHUD - Job Update Widget Tweaker
- LHUD - No Marker Pulse
- LHUD - Objects Coloring
- LHUD - Remove Crouch Indicator
- Native Settings UI 1.4
- Quest Untracker
- quietMenus
- True Hidden Everything

#### Not in Use
- Holster By Tap

#### Not Working with 1.5
- SHUSH - Quiet Ads

## Custom Configuration

### Limited HUD

#### Controlled by hotkey, enabled everywhere except out of combat
- Action buttons
- Minimap

#### No hotkey, disabled out of combat / in stealth
- Weapon roster
- Hotkey hints

#### Disabled everywhere but still toggled by hotkey
- Quest tracker

#### Disabled everywhere
- Crouch indicator

#### No hotkey, disabled out of combat / in stealth / in zoom
- Health bar

#### No custom configuration
- All world markers
